Add read-only in asset attribute and example fixes (#332)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/concepts/asset-manager.md

Let's take an example to make this clearer! 
```regexp

> /(?P<product_ref>.*)\\_(?P<attribute_ref>.*)\\.jpg/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/^(?P<product_ref>.*)_(?P<attribute_ref>.*)\\.jpg$/
```

Reviewer: - no need to escape an underscore in a regexp
- I added the "beginning of string" (`^`) and "end of string" (`$`) anchors, which I believe will match most of the filenames

  "value_per_locale": false,
  "value_per_channel": false,
  "is_required_for_completeness": true,
  "is_read_only": false,
  "allowed_extensions": ["jpg"],
  "max_file_size": "10"
}
```

::: info

> As of the v3.2 and v4.0, you can only have images in this attribute. Indeed, the `media_type` field accepts the `image`, `youtube`, `pdf` and `other` values.

Author: ```suggestion
The `media_type` field accepts the `image` and `other` values.  
Starting from the v4, it also allows `pdf`.
```
